[DOCS] Update URLs in plugin document (#89221)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/plugins/authors.asciidoc

:plugin-properties-files: {elasticsearch-root}/build-tools/src/main/resources

> The Elasticsearch repository contains https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/tree/main/plugins/examples[examples of plugins]. Some of these include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elasticsearch repository contains {es-repo}tree/main/plugins/examples[examples of plugins]. Some of these include:
```

Author: @abdonpijpelink thanks for the feedback changes applied

> * a plugin with https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/tree/main/plugins/examples/custom-settings[custom settings]
> * adding https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/tree/main/plugins/examples/rest-handler[custom rest endpoints]
> * adding a https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/tree/main/plugins/examples/rescore[custom rescorer]
> * a script https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/tree/main/plugins/examples/script-expert-scoring[implemented in Java]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* a plugin with {es-repo}tree/main/plugins/examples/custom-settings[custom settings]
* adding {es-repo}tree/main/plugins/examples/rest-handler[custom rest endpoints]
* adding a {es-repo}tree/main/plugins/examples/rescore[custom rescorer]
* a script {es-repo}tree/main/plugins/examples/script-expert-scoring[implemented in Java]
```

Author: @abdonpijpelink thanks for the feedback changes applied
